This file contains instructions that should be helpful when creating skins for
the Shadowbox media viewer. If you create a skin that looks good, and you would
like to include it in the official Shadowbox distribution, please don't hesitate
to contact me.

INTRODUCTION

A Shadowbox "skin" is merely a directory of files that determines what
Shadowbox will look like. The name of the skin will be the name of the directory
in which it resides. At the very minimum, this directory must contain at
least two files:

    1) skin.js
    2) skin.css

If you don't understand something that I write in this file and you'd rather see
some code, you can always refer to the "classic" skin that is included in the
default distribution.

SKIN.JS

The first file (skin.js) determines the actual HTML markup that Shadowbox will
use. Inside this file, a public static property named SKIN should be defined on
the Shadowbox object. This property itself will be an object containing the
following properties:

    1) markup
    2) png_fix

The markup property should be a string that defines the HTML markup to be used
with Shadowbox. The script expects most of these elements to be present, so you
should leave the most basic structural elements such as #shadowbox_container,
#shadowbox_body, etc. However, I've tried to make the script flexible enough to
allow for some rearranging of elements such as the navigation controls.

The markup string may contain placeholders that will be translated into the
appropriate language when the language file loads. These placeholders should
contain the name of one of the Shadowbox.LANG properties surrounded by curly
brackets (e.g. {cancel}).

The png_fix property should contain an array of element id's that are using
transparent PNG's for backgrounds. Transparent PNG support is built in to the
script for browsers (such as IE6) that do not natively support it. This behavior
can be seen in the classic skin for the navigation icons and the transparent
overlay.

SKIN.CSS

The heart of a Shadowbox skin is the CSS file. Most of the weird CSS quirks have
already been worked out in the classic skin, so use this skin as a reference
when creating your own. I have placed comments by certain rules that are
important for Shadowbox to display properly. Disclaimer: I don't have a lot of
time to help you with your own CSS issues, so only attempt this if you know what
you're doing or you're willing to put the time in to fix your bugs yourself.

The CSS file defines the colors, images, and overall appearance of the
Shadowbox media viewer. You may use transparent PNG's as the script contains
support for browsers (such as IE6) that do not support them.
