Clocking IT change history for new functionality and major bug fixes.

For comprehensive details of every change, please consult http://github.com/ari/clockingit/commits/

18 August 2009
	The QuickAdd feature for quickly adding tasks has been removed. The code has not been maintained for a long time and is now broken with regard to the new features added to tasks this year. Also, the QuickAdd takes much longer to open on the browser than the regular New Task, so there is nothing quick about it. For these reasons it was decided to remove the code and focus on improving speed and usability of the existing task edit view.

17 August 2009
	A new list view design and filter has now been implemented and switched to be the default. There is still a little more cleanup required but it is almost done. The new filter will be much faster to use for advanced users than the old clunky filter interface. Overall the html is drastically faster to draw in the browser and much faster to render server-side.

7 August 2009
	Some cosmetic changes to the menus. Translations will need to be updated at some point.

6 August 2009
  	Use caching for task list. Cache should be cleared manually after server restart - run "rake tmp:cache:clear"

21 July 2009
	Upgraded to Rails 2.3.3

26 June 2009
	Incoming emails with no task number are now dropped into a default project set in the company settings view.

24 June 2009
    Now all URLs reference the task number and not an internal task ID which should not be visible to the user.

17 June 2009
	Many database constraints and indexes have been added. This will improve speed and also ensure database integrity. Care should be taken when applying these updates to ensure you don't have existing bad data which prevents the constraints from being added.
	
16 June 2009
	Some fixes implemented to allow postgresql to be used.

10 June 2009
	Rework entire filter section on reports page to bring it more into alignment with the filter for tasks. This means that your previous filter state is preserved when moving from tasks to reports.
	
3 June 2009
	Work logs now can have custom attributes.

1 June 2009
	Exception emails are now sent to the system admin. This makes it much easier to diagnose problems. In order to use this feature, please add these two lines to the bottom of environment.local.rb
	ExceptionNotifier.exception_recipients = [ "email@example.com" ]
	ExceptionNotifier.sender_address = %("Application Error" <email@server.com>)

30 May 2009
	There is a whole new login screen.
	If you are using Clocking IT behind an SSL configured web server, you can now add a configuration parameter to environment.local.rb so that outgoing emails are sent with https links in them.	
	
29 May 2009
	Outgoing emails now respect the SSL status and product name of the installation. Make sure these lines are in the config block in environment.local.rb
	:productName => "some task tracking system"
	:SSL => true

27 April 2009
	Update to Rails 2.3.2 and upgrade all associated plugins and gems at the same time. This should give us some significant speed improvements.
	IMPORTANT: because of an update to the ferret search server, please run:
        # rake ferret:rebuild_all_indexes RAILS_ENV=production
	This will rebuild the search indices.
	
26 April 2009
   Change the list of users who will be notified when a task is changed. There is now option to allow the user to choose who should receive a notification on a per-task per-user basis.
   Only send notification emails when a task is created or commented on.

25 April 2009
   Speed improvements to the user view. Previously displaying hundreds of users was very slow due to loading all those avatars.
   'Active' flag added to clients, customers, organizational units and resources. This allows you to keep historical data (eg. users linked to tasks) but still disable them from appearing in the user interface
   IMPORTANT: config/environment.rb now has a localised friend config/environment.local.rb. This means that your config in environment.rb will be overwritten when you upgrade via git. Please copy environment.rb-example to environment.local.rb and adjust any configuration for your local needs.
   
24 April 2009
   A new task filtering interface now implemented! This allows you to select multiple milestones, users, etc but without the clunkiness of the previous design. Also added is a filter to always show unread tasks even if they don't match the rest of your filtered choices.
   
15 April 2009
   Organizational units can now have custom attributes.

14 Apr 2009
   Clients are now linked to users. This means all users belong to a client (their company) and existing users have been migrated into client 1.
   The user interface has been substantially reworked to cope with thousands of users and thousands of clients.
   Consistent naming implemented so that clients aren't sometimes called customers. This means changing controllers and URLs.
   Many places where popups used to be used to select users or clients are now autocomplete.

10 Apr 2009
   Added custom attributes to clients and to users. This means you can now define additional fields for storing telephone numbers, emails, addresses or anything else you'd like per user and client.
   Add organizationalUnit. This maps to the same concept in LDAP which is often used for departments or physical locations (eg. offices, stores, etc)

30 Mar 2009
   Resources types can be defined, resources can be added and linked to tasks. There is a new user permission "use_resources" that allows/disallows people to see them. Resource types can only be setup by Administrators.
   Fix bugs with checkboxes in nested forms. Revert things that were using selects with Yes/No to use checkboxes instead.

28 Mar 2009
    Resources system created. This allows the administrator to define resources types and attributes. Resources can then be created and organised hierarchically.

4 Mar 2009
    Rename stylesheets to give them more consistent naming.    
    
2 Mar 2009
    Clean up html structure, removing unneeded tables in layout. Also fix some indenting to make it easier to try and debug excessive nested html.
    Migrate several prototype calls across to jQuery
    Break up large layouts into some smaller pieces.

1 Mar 2009
    Remove version number: 0.99.3 is not even remotely right.

28 Feb 2009
    Implementation of multi-select for filtering

26 Feb 2009
    Shortcut 'add me' for adding yourself to the notification list.
    Read/unread status implemented. Now tasks are marked as unread for all watchers when an notification is sent, which puts a little star next to the task in the list view. Users can also use this star for flagging items which they wish to review.

21 Feb 2009
    Handle autolinking of URLs with : and +
    Increase fontsize slightly for task links / names

20 Feb 2009
    Task browse, calendar and GANTT are now grouped together with common filter GUI and a new set of tabs to switch between their display. At the same time a bit of duplicate task filtering code was merged so this part will be more consistent and easier to modify in the future.

13 Feb 2009
    Users can now choose not to receive emails for their own changes to a task.

12 Feb 2009
    Further cleanup of right side of task edit view. Now merge dependencies into one block and also fix a broken close tag whic
    Fix broken html with additional </td> and no matching open.
    Move add attachments into the common block on the right side of the task edit view.

5 Feb 2009
    Have push_server find it's config file via relative path

5 Feb 2009
    fixed bug in report csv display

31 Jan 2009
    Creating new milestones from the task edit view now uses a shadowbox floating area and javascript has been moved to jquery

29 Jan 2009
    Stylesheets with full stops in the middle are not properly referenced by Rails.

28 Jan 2009
    Show last comment made on task in tooltip - Load dynamically after a 1 second delay.
    Add shadowbox for image attachments. This uses the jquery library, so some fixes were made to activate jquery properly.
    Attachments should be given the correct mime type and disposition when being transferred. This means that images will be displayed inline.

27 Jan 2009
    Make error messages from file uploading easier to debug.
    Refactor login process so that:
      1. Common code is in one place (how to find the company from the URL)
      2. For the simple case with only one company, assume that incoming requests are routed to that company. That should solve a

26 Jan 2009
    Allow non default TCP port for Timer window

25 Jan 2009
    Give ProjectFiles a way to re-create thumbnails

24 Jan 2009
    Use same background as fieldsets for image thumbnails
    Run db:migrate on schema init from setup.rb
    Update documention and install allison rdoc templates in vendor folder to remove an external dependency.

23 Jan 2009
    Allow multi-file uploads for tasks
    - Move upload parsing to new function
    - User ImageOperations to getnerate thumbnails where appropriate
    - Show thumbnails on task form if it exists
    - Click Thumbnail to view full picture, link to download
    Extract RMagick operations into a lib
    Rework dropshadow generation to fix later ImageMagicks
    - Also fix empty file in first upload slot
    Ignore the IDEA configuration file for people using IDEA RubyMine.

22 Jan 2009
    Allow multiple file uploads at a time for ProjectFiles
    Fix email notifications on incoming email comments

22 Jan 2009
    Add automatic Table of Contents for Wiki pages

20 Jan 2009
    Initial jQuery support

15 Jan 2009
    Custom properties work is now complete. Rather than the hardcoded 'type', 'severity' and 'priority', you can now define these properties in any way you choose. You can add new properties, add and edit the possible values and set the default values. Properties may be linked to icons and to colours which display in the list view. All reports, filters, saved views, and other code has been updated to accommodate these new custom properties. Drag and drop also works. Please allow some time for the database to be converted when you upgrade to this version.
    Cleaned up the task information workflow, by rearranging elements and styles
    
14 Jan 2009
    Include Created in CSV tasklist dump to get task lifespan
    Allow time entry on tasks in all your projects
    Include completion date in CSV tasklist dump
    Finished cleaning up the labels, task property panes and the language used for tooltips and some labels

12 Jan 2009
    allow translators to move text in property filters

3 Jan 2009
    Allow hiding of dependencies from views and browse

20 Dec 2008
    Allow changing widget names again

19 Dec 2008
    Move work_log entries along with task when moving via drag and drop.

13 Dec 2008
    can sort property values now
    more filters shows for custom prop filters on task list
    can filter on custom properties
    can remove property values
    added custom properties to preferences menu
    custom properties saving on new
    display custom properties on task edit page

12 Dec 2008
    Merge branch 'master' into custom_properties
    sort online users so test always passes
    added some functional tests for property creation
    can add, edit basic custom properties
    set config values in NotificationsTest so all tests pass

10 Dec 2008
    Instead of owners being notified for every message added to a task, the owner is now added to the default list of people to
    Then it becomes easy to remove the owner as a watcher if they are no longer relevant to the task.

23 Nov 2008
    Ignore OSX invisible DS_Store files as well as Eclipse project and path files.

23 Nov 2008
    Add rdoc to the project, along with script to easily update the docs.

22 Nov 2008
    add the ability to set the DB host, not everybody uses localhost

20 Nov 2008
    Removing an item should utilise a cross rather than a tick.

9 Nov 2008
    Remove hardcoded clockingit website URL.

9 Nov 2008
    Changed header to white so that logos with white backgrounds look better in the header block.
